hey everybody this Christopher mink for
everything I cafe calm today we're
taking a look at the Draco for which is
an iphone 4 case it's actually an
aluminum bumper that wraps neatly around
both the iphone 4 and the iphone 4s this
is a very high-end case it's not
something you see on most iPhones
because it's a really unique design as
you can see here it kind of curves in
and out it's kind of got like a little
bit of a wave feel it's very slight but
really noticeable this is a high-end
case it also comes with a few inserts if
you notice the two buttons and the
volley abuse which those buttons are
actually inserted within the case so
this way when you attach it you're able
to access both the volume up and down
button and mute switch as you can see
here in small type face that says
inspired by deaf Japan and as you go
around the case you'll notice on the
back there are two allen keys it comes
with an allen key comes with two spare
screws just in case you lose those and
then after you attach those two parts
you basically tighten it and it actually
is very very very very tight on the case
it's on the iPhone itself so it's it's
got it just a really really great fit if
you go around the case you'll notice
there are no gaps between the screen or
the side of the iphone and the actual
case which is really nice what that
creates is the iphone case is almost an
extension of the iphone which is nice
now if you notice on the back here there
is no protection on the back or on the
front and this being a phone constructed
heavily of glass you're going to want to
make sure you have some sort of
protection on the black back which could
be you know like a screen protector zagg
invisible shield or something along
those lines but taking a closer look at
this as you see here we have the volume
up and down you'll see the waves this
definitely feels good in the hand to
it's not heavy but it does add a little
bit of bulk see you should be should on
should know that that's part of what
you're going to get with the Draco for
and notice up top here you've got access
to your 3.5 millimeter headset jack and
there's that custom power button that I
was mentioning which just slightly jets
out access to the micro sim card and on
the back you've got your speaker and
microphone and your 30-pin dock
connector now with the 30-pin dock
connector I just want to mention that
this might not work with some
accessories because there is a little
bit of a gap between the case and the
30-pin dock connector it might work with
some might not work with others one
caveat with this this case as it is is
because it is aluminum it does affect
the antenna it does affect the
navigation so if using gps I've seen it
drop a signal and also you might lose
one or two bars so you want to make sure
that you're in a strong area so that's
the Draco for from everything I can't
fade out calm